Feature/isloading (#224)
cengage/react-magma: website/react-magma-docs/src/pages/api/button.mdx

}
```

## Loading

> When a button is in a loading state, the label will be replaced with a loading spinner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a button is in a loading state, the label can be replaced with a loading spinner using the `isLoading` prop.
```

Reviewer: Can you add a similar example to the IconButton mdx page as well?
